you'll never get away with it why not
with mom and dad gone this may be the
only chance I'll ever get to go to
college on my scholarship well you're
not gonna be using it are you know but
well there you are then you sneak off to
colonize new reach with Charlie I head
off to Tau Ceti tech when when how are
you gonna fold the DNA scam though we're
sisters Tanya but we're not twins that's
easy I'll just dr. the ID cards but
that's impossible you can't just
reprogram the DNA fingerprint on one no
but I really don't have to all I have to
do is switch the pictures in the names
Leah know the central database isn't
replicated across the whole galaxy so
once we get off-planet will be
permanently swapped I don't see how come
on sis people trust computers more than
they trust their own eyes as soon as the
ship lands they scan your card and your
DNA as long as they match the rest of
the info is entered in the database
without a hitch the swaps complete and
you think no one's gonna notice that
you're only 15 no you're gonna have the
harder time trying to convince everyone
you're not 18 if we get caught though we
won't easy for you to say you're a minor
you'd get off with a slap on the wrist
I'm an adult I'd go to prison for fraud
and they'd probably deport Charlie as an
accessory Calissa what's that first here
if we don't go the lease is up at the
end of this month we'd have just enough
of the insurance money to get offworld
with a little spending cash if we go now
otherwise we're on the street in three
months anyway come on you get to be with
the man you love I get a free education
and no one will be hurt in the least
well besides I I already doctored the ID
cards
this is all you could find dr. three
women private comics for sir and
yourself of course the test protocol
calls for at least thirty percent female
subjects in the initial phase of 20
you're one short nearly all the exact
matches are in the unit's 100
light-years from here Colonel we don't
have time to hunt them down the men will
be here in a week does it have to be an
exact genetic match for phase one
absolutely but once we've demonstrated
that it works we can relax the
constraints looks like I don't have a
choice if we want to get this project
back on schedule captain Matsumoto
prepare a transport colleges everything
oh sorry yes call me rose may I see your
identification please I don't seem to
have it on me at the moment you need to
come with us miss um let's take a lot to
right now now mr. is it don't make us
drag you out of here miss Tara said I'll
be brief look I can explain everything
I'm not interested under article 3
section 19 of the UNSC charter truths
may be conscripted in wartime for the
duration of the conflict conscripted way
you're drafting me hmm I usually have to
explain that bit but yes you're drafted
it's that simple but why me your DNA
pattern matched a particular profile in
our data banks my DNA pattern but what
if I refuse don't
reporting as ordered doctor Thank You
sergeant major please everyone take a
seat and I'll tell you what all this is
about
ever